Add burrito server and README (#582)
kubernetes-sigs/image-builder: images/capi/hack/README.md

# Hack

This directory has a collection of scripts that dont belong elsewhere and may go away some day.

## serve-artifacts.go

This script finds all relevant k8s artifacts (i.e. like the kubelet.exe) in a directory , serves them on an endpoint.

> It print out the YAML definitions corresponding to this endpoint so you can use it in input to the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It prints out the YAML definitions corresponding to this endpoint so you can use it in input to image builder, i.e.
```

> image builder, i.e. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
